CCKit for Cocos2D
==================

CCKit for Cocos2D is a set of classes that brings some of the niceties of UIKit to
Cocos2D.


Main features
-------------
* CCScrollLayer - A Cocos2D layer that behaves like a UIScrollView.
* CCTableLayer - A Cocos2D layer that behaves like a UITableView.
* CCNavigationController - A Cocos2D layer that allows pushing/popping of nodes on a navigation stack like UINavigationController.
* CCGestureRecognizer - A wrapper class that allows usage of UIGestureRecognizers on CCNodes.


Build Requirements
------------------
* Cocos2D for iPhone v1.x
* Base SDK of iOS5 (for ARC compilation)
* Deployment target of iOS4 or higher (zeroing weak references require iOS5)


Runtime Requirements
--------------------
* iOS 4.0 or newer for iOS games


How to add to your project
-----------------------
Just drag the CCKit folder into your Xcode project.


How to contribute to the project
--------------------------------
Want to contribute to the project? Send me a pull request!


Attributions
------------------------
* Portions of CCScrollLayer, CCTableLayer, and CCTableLayerCell created by Sangwoo Im.
* Portions of CCGestureRecognizer created by Joe Allen, Glaivare LLC.


License
------------------------
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
